DataSets titles are essential.
Let's look at real examples from FRDR to illustrate the importance of descriptive dataset titles.
In the first case, the dataset was submitted under the name PyPaw2.0, a name that gives little context.
After curation, it was improved to reflect the dataset's nature and purpose.
A more informative version might be homecage-based motor learning platform PyPaw2.0.
Even small changes in a title can significantly improve clarity and usefulness.
In the second example, the addition of details like, what was mapped, and the technique used made the title much more meaningful and discoverable.
A good title should communicate what the dataset is, how it was generated, and what it's about.
You may not find the perfect title on your first try, but you can always aim for one that is clear, specific, and descriptive.
The first one is the final version of the title.
The final version of the title is the final version of the title.